The Joe Rogan experience.
Have you guys been paying attention to OJ on Twitter? No.
No man.
What's he doing? It's one of the strangest things ever.
He's just talking on Twitter. Just talk about like football politics and the,
the comments are just the most ridiculous. Everything that you would expect.
I'm sure he can read them.
The comments are just filled with just murder jokes.
And really, no, not his.
Comments. His comments, like under his, like his, his thing.
He says the thing then under his business,
all the people that comment on his post, it's all just murder Joe,
as long as he's.
I'm making murder jokes,
I guess my friend has the largest OJ Simpson t-shirt
collection of like the free OJ juices loose in the, in the world.
And he had an exhibit here in LA a couple a year ago at a museum.
It's like 150 shirts. Pretty, pretty amazing. But you know who?
I like to follow on Twitter, which I, we were talking about earlier.
I don't really look at Twitter that much,
but I do like Jose Conseco a lot until you. Yeah. What does he talk about?
It's just like crazy. It's this extra crazy. And he was offering like a,
for $2,000. You can go like spend the night in a tent with him and like,
look for big fights.
Oh my God.
Yeah. It started with him when he shot his finger off and then it fell off.
You know, he's tweeted about that. That that's what peaked my interest.
When I was 19 years old, I worked at a place called the Boston athletic club.
And Jose can say on some other baseball players walked in.
It's amazing how big he was. He was huge. A huge person.
Huge. Just gigantic, man. Now it's so handsome.
Look like a professional wrestler. It looked like a fake person.
Really didn't even look like a real person. Just a giant handsome,
super athlete came in to lift weights. I'm like, how weird, you know, like.
He's wonderful. He's one of only four people.
I think that has 40 home runs and 40 steals GS in a season. I mean,
he was on steroids. I think.
Good for Bigfoot. He really is. He said,
I am a big foot expert and the most famous big foot picture or video ever
taken was a costume.
The individual wearing the costume was none other than Andre,
the giant check it out. I don't think that's true.
I think that's pre Andre the giant career. In fact,
that picture was from the sixties. That's the Patterson Gimlin footage will.
Andre.
Was alive though. Are you saying that Jose Canseco doesn't know what.
He's talking about. So I'm going to go out on a limb. He's incorrect here.
Have you seen what Andre, the giant could drink in an average time?
It's incredible.
Well, yeah, we had Jake, the snake on Jake,
the snake used to drive him and he had amazing stories about driving Andrea.
Yeah, he would drink like 24, literally 24 beers and like a half hour.
Well, the way his hands were so enormous that the beer,
they didn't even look real. They look like mini bar beers, you know, his hand,
his covers everything. He was so huge.
When I saw a guy like Jose Conseco, I'm like, well,
there's no fairness in this world. There's no fairness. How am me?
And that kind of the same species. So fairness in this world. Well, good.
You learned.
Early. Yeah. It's a good lesson to learn a good lesson.
The first time you really get dunked on the harm.
That can happen to you too bad.
I think it's important to kind of be reminded of like your position in society
in the world. When I was, when I was at 10 or 11, I was listening to the,
I was getting driven home from a little league game by my dad who was one of the
sweetest guys ever. Right. And we're listening to the Indians game and uh,
this new, this new shortstop who at the time was terrible named Jay bell,
like drop the ball. And I was like, dad,
I bet you I'm a better shortstops than Jay bell. I might have to stop the car,
Patrick. I love you so much, but you're 11 and there's no possible way.
There's only like 50 professional shortstops. There's no way.
And then that's it. I just was like, oh my God. But I realized at that moment,
I'm like, man, my, my dad's never gonna me. That's kind of cool. That's very.
Cool. Yeah. That's very cool. Yeah. You don't need to be. He.
That's a problem. As opposed, a lot of kids today they've been their whole life.
They were like, oh yeah.
Best. You're the best son. You are better than him.
You just need to go and take that job. It's yours. Well,
there's a lot of wacky people too that are living through their kids. You know?
They're,
they're like all their expectations of success have now been turned on their
progeny. Oh yeah. You know, they have this thing.
They just want their kids to kick and go out there and kick. No,
slow down.
Sorry. Fine line. Yeah.
How do we get? Oh, Jose can say goes Twitter. It's crazy. Huh?
It's crazy. It's a wild dude. Wild man. I mean,
it's cool that a guy that hit me, his life story is incredible.
Have you hit you? Haven't had them on.
I'm guessing that you should have him on oh Mike.
God, that would be great. Bash brothers. Yeah.
Have him just tell them exclusively bash brothers stories.
People are always going to be mad at him forever because of the steroids thing.
Right? Cause he told them these other guys that.
Well, his other brother was found out. Right. Mark McGuire.
I don't know, man. I don't know much about the, I mean,
I know the difference between doping and steroids or whatever,
but I kind of feel like if you're, I don't know about steroids necessarily,
but if you're, if you're riding a bike across France and like,
I dunno, I feel like you should dope a little bit.
I'm not doing it. Someone needs to do it.
The doctors have actually said,
it's probably physically safer to take the steroids.
If you're going to do something like tour de France,
because it's so insanely grueling on your body that you want to be able to
recover. But we have this weird thing. It's like,
there's a thing that makes your body work better,
but you're not supposed to take it. If you take it, we get mad at you,
but we want you to do good. We want you to do your best,
but we don't want you to take this thing. You could drink yourself to death.
We're never going to stop that, but we don't want you to taking steroids.
Cause then you'd be too big and you hit too many balls. Like what, what,
how come he can't.
Do it either? you everybody. Or nobody. Yeah.
It's the cheating thing. The thing is that it affects kids.
That's where it gets dangerous is because you, if you find out, oh my God,
these guys just openly do steroids. And they tell you what they do. And then.
Middle-schoolers will be doing it. Yes.
Some real that's the real fear, the real fear.
And because that's, that,
that would happen because there's middle schoolers that are professionally like
competitive all over this country.
Kids in high school do steroids.
I mean like, I mean also you do, you do a bunch.
I know somebody did a bunch of steroids and he was describing to me the process
of that, he literally was doing anyone a bit, get big, you know? And uh,
I was like, so what do you do? What do you do when you're big? He's like,
you got, well,
you got to start taking these estrogen blockers and all this stuff. I was like,
what the? You think? Yeah, if you don't,
if you don't take your body stops making testosterone. And I was like, what the?
I was like, well, that's, I mean like,
this is probably a controversial statement, but I like what Bruce Jenner said.
He like, um, like did steroids for breakfast. I mean,
did that, you think that like depleted his testosterone.
Uh, production date? Don't I don't,
I don't think they believe that there's a connection between
gender identity and testosterone levels.
I think they think it's a wiring issue for lack of a better term.
But there is always a thing that happens to people.
If you take steroids that your body has this inability to make its
natural hormones. And so you get depressed,
it's like a depression time and it could be really funky for a lot of athletes.
Jose can say, goes out there looking for Bigfoot. Isn't it?
Cause he just needs to clear his head.
He also had some MMA fights. He might've got his brains knocked loose. Like he,
uh, he had one MMA fight against this big giant dude.
What was his name? Early. Early MMA. No, it was,
it was after his whole career thing had gone. He, he got it.
He had a fight with the, was it hung man Choi. It was hung man.
Choi Homeland Choi is huge. So him just accept his fight is crazy.
Let me tell you about a guy that's like yeah.
Hung mentor is like literally seven feet tall. Jose,
Jose Conseco is an enormous guy. I've recognized him from movies.
He's not enormous compared to hung man choy and hung land choice was a
professional MMA fighter. He fought some really, really tough guys in Japan.
So it was a total complete mismatch, but he needed, he needed the cheddar.
So he stepped in, you know what? That looks like size of choice.
That looks like when you have like a real GI Joe Guy and then like the generic
GI Joe Guy that looks like he.
Found Bigfoot.
And even though like Conseco is still a go Rilla. I mean,
he's a stout man. Super powerful, gigantic, man.
But that just shows you how big hung man choice. Does he get, he got pummeled.
Yeah. I think he blew his knee out. If I, if I remember correctly,
I think he threw a kick and he blew his knee out and then hung Mantua pounding
them into a bowl on a.
Too.
Yeah, it was just, oh no daddy. Really?
I just saw a picture of them standing again on the ring. God,
he's so much bigger than Danny.
Bonaduce he's he's a really huge guy right there. Is that there?
Yeah. Oh my God. He did to anybody, dude. She's crazy. Treasonous.
His head looks like it's been photo-shopped on.
But wait a minute. Wasn't that cancer? It goes brother. Wasn't that?
His brother posing his hand super tatted up. Oh my God. He's not though.
This guy is no, he's not even. What's one of those. That's one of those, uh,
sharks that you put on. It's like a rash card,
but it's got tattoos on it and it looks like you're tattooed out.
I wish our brothers.
Would start posing as.
Us. I don't think that that was Kant. Seiko.
I think it was can't take his brother. I think it was like found out later.
Is it like how.
Gallagher has gone?
We were talking about that. Gallagher to look at that guy. That's not,
can't say go.
His name isn't mentioned in there. Danny IO.
I mean, he's still a big giant dude too.
I mean the only way to story,
the only way the story could get published is with that resolution of photo
eight, eight.